After a long fought battle, you find yourself seperated from the rest of your village.
The gear weighs you down, your battered and exhausted, but you must regroup with your village. 
You wander for a while.
As the sun starts to rise, It's light assaults your eyes through the craggy ravine of Dragon's Peak.
It's the quickest route back to your village, but it comes with great risk.
Many who travel through the ragged rocks of the peak don't come out and those who doare too shocked to speak of the horrors they witness there.
This isn't enough to deter you, after all you stand at the pinnacle of your villages heroes. 
As you approach the base of the mountain, you spot a small town perfect for weary warriors like yourself.
While there, you eat your fears, drink your sorrows, and rest your spirit for the road ahead. 
Before beginning your perilous quest, you stop at the local shop to stock up on gear.
-shop-
You are now ready to test your luck against natures cruelest mountain.
You begin to hike the steep peaks scattered throughout the mountain range, careful not to lose your grip. 
You begin to see what looks like a carved trail for safer passage throughout the mountains.
As you continue down this path, you hear a roar coming from around the spire in front of you. 
A giant troll reveals himself from around the spire and begins to sprint towards you.
It's time to put your skills to the test, you must defeat this troll to progress.
-combat-
The troll crumbles beneath your strength.
As you bring down your weapon to deal the final blow, your bombarded by a strong gust of wind which blows your weapon off course.
The troll takes advantage of this stroke of fortune to escape your wrath. 
You begin to chase the troll, worried that letting him escape will come back to haunt you. 
The troll reaches an incline and slides down the mountain into a cave. 
You examine the situation, you can pursue the troll into the dark unknown, or continue the path around the mountain.
What will you do? Will you 1. Continue on the carved path around the mountain or 2. Pursue the troll through the mountanous cave?
-decision-
You have chosen to continue on your journey and ignore the troll. 
You traverse the trecherous path circling spires and narrowly escaping steep drops into the spiky rocks below.
The descent draws ever near.
You begin to spot the path downwards, you can even see your village out in the distance. 
Your journey is close to an end.
As you begin your descent down the mountain, you once again hear a roar off in the distance. 
Something is off this time though...
The roars begin to echo and as they get louder and louder, you begin to hear multiple voices in the midst of the chaos.
You begin to realize whats happening.
A tribe of trolls all jump out from the stone pillars surrounding the path. 
You notice a wounded one admist the pack.
It's the troll you let live. 
The trolls begin to surround you. 
Your village is in sight, if you survive this encounter, you can return home a legend.
Time to prove your worth Warrior!
-combat-
You have survived the encounter with the family of trolls. 
As the head troll falls to his knees, his gold crown rolls to your feet.
Its golden glow alongside its jewel encrusted bezels is unmatched in beauty and in coin.
You reach the bottom of the mountain.
You survived Dragons Peak.
Your village is but a giants step away now. 
Dragons Peak is behind you now and you walk towards your village with pride in your step. 
There is but one nagging feeling.
If trolls roamed the craggy rocks on the surface, what rests below in the path untraveled?
The End
...?
-end-

You have chosen to pursue the troll into the depths of the mountain.
Sliding down the steep slope is tough, but it's nothing your heavy armor can't handle.
The slide for what seems like minutes until you finally land on your feet.
It's pitch dark.
You can hear the wounded grunts from the troll in front of you as he attempts to limp away.
The troll quickly lights his torch and attempts to scare you away with the fire.
You are unfazed.
You quickly strike down the troll.
He falls to the ground and the lit torch he carried now rolls to the other side of the cave.
You follow after it, it being the only source of light in this unknown place after all.
As you approach closer, you begin to notice a shadow in the little light that the torch is giving off.
You slowly pick up the torch and raise it to the creature in front of you.
Your heart drops and you quickly back away.
The creature, startled, begins to awaken and lets out a blood-curdling screech.
As this creatures screech comes to an end, you begin to see the signifier of what this creature is.
Fire.
You narrowly dodge the flaming breath of the beast.
The dragon of Dragons Peak.
So this is where the beast slumbers.
You ready your weapon and prepare for the fight of your life.
This is what all your battles have been leading up to. 
Bringing this dragons head to your village will not only shower you in glory, but will ensure Dragons Peak is safe for travelers in the future.
Time to earn your keep Warrior!
-combat-
The beast was no match for you! 
You have slain the dragon!
You take its head and mount it upon your weapon for all to see.
The battle has taken a toll on the underground cave and it starts to collapse above you.
There lies a small exit from the cave caused from the tremors and you quickly rush to it.
You barely make it out of there without being crushed.
You realize your at the bottom of the mountain and your village is but a giants stepaway.
You survived Dragons Peak!
You return to your village and are showered with praise and riches from your fellow warriors.
You have become known throughout the land as the one who avenged hundreds and made Dragons Peak safe for travel.
Your a hero!
The End!
-end-
